Clarify caching (#2794)
avajs/ava: docs/06-configuration.md

- `files`: an array of glob patterns to select test files. Files with an underscore prefix are ignored. By default only selects files with `cjs`, `mjs` & `js` extensions, even if the pattern matches other files. Specify `extensions` to allow other file extensions
- `ignoredByWatcher`: an array of glob patterns to match files that, even if changed, are ignored by the watcher. See the [watch mode recipe for details](https://github.com/avajs/ava/blob/main/docs/recipes/watch-mode.md)
- `match`: not typically useful in the `package.json` configuration, but equivalent to [specifying `--match` on the CLI](./05-command-line.md#running-tests-with-matching-titles)

> - `cache`: a boolean value on whether to cache compiled files under `node_modules/.cache/ava`. If `false`, files are cached in a temporary directory instead

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
- `cache`: defaults to `true` to cache compiled files under `node_modules/.cache/ava`. If `false`, files are cached in a temporary directory instead
```
